
urxvt.depth:                        32
urxvt.background:                   black
urxvt.foreground:                   green
urxvt.cursorColor:                  white
urxvt.cursorBlink:                  true
urxvt.font:                         9x15
urxvt.boldFont:                     9x15bold
urxvt.boldMode:                     true
urxvt.geometry:                     80x45
urxvt.scrollBar:                    true
urxvt.scrollBar_right:              true
urxvt.visualBell:                   false
urxvt.iconFile:                     /usr/share/icons/gnome/48x48/apps/utilities-terminal.png

rxvt.depth:                        32
rxvt.background:                   black
rxvt.foreground:                   green
rxvt.cursorColor:                  white
rxvt.cursorBlink:                  true
rxvt.font:                         9x15
rxvt.boldFont:                     9x15bold
rxvt.boldMode:                     true
rxvt.geometry:                     80x45
rxvt.scrollBar:                    true
rxvt.scrollBar_right:              true
rxvt.visualBell:                   false
rxvt.iconFile:                     /usr/share/icons/gnome/48x48/apps/utilities-terminal.png

*xterm*.toolBar:                   off
*xterm*.background:                #000000
*xterm*.foreground:                green
*xterm*.geometry:                  80x45
*xterm*.borderWidth:               0
*xterm*.backarrowKey:              false
#xterm.depth:                      32
#xterm.cursorColor:                white
#xterm.cursorBlink:                true
#xterm.font:                       9x15
#xterm.boldFont:                   9x15bold
#xterm.boldMode:                   true
#xterm.visualBell:                 false
#xterm.iconFile:                   /usr/share/icons/gnome/48x48/apps/utilities-terminal.png
